How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
Viewing a diff between two versions of a file allowed me to see where the changes that were made in the file were easily and efficiently rather than having to sit down and search through every line of code to find them.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
Having easy access to the entire history of a file helps programmers save time by being able to resotre to a previous version and work forward or find errors in a more recent version much more easily than if they had to sit down and try to debug the code without a previous, working version.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
Pros: your commits are likely to be functional versions of your project that you intended to save, cons: if you are prone to forget to save, manual saving isn't going to be very helpful to you

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
With Git, people are most likely using it for their code version history & therefore the files are probably linked to each other. With Google Docs, different files aren't likely to impact each other and therefore would not need to be saved in a group like Git.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
You can use git log to get a list of commits made in that repository in reverse chronological order. You can use git diff to find the differences (adding & subtracting) between different commits within a repository. 

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I want to use Git to write code so that I can share it on Github and have the ability to go back to older commits if need be. I'm excited to use my knowledge of Git to improve my programming prowess.